Now, Dr. Gallo and Dr. Fauci talked a lot about isolation and purification.
Can you tell me what the difference is between the two?
Isolation, what was it?
Isolation and purification.
Of the virus?
Yes.
Well, you isolate a virus by
finding the virus which causes a disease.
You purify a virus by making a lot of, I mean, just by purifying it so you get a pure virus.
I don't understand what the issue is.
I see.
No, it depends on how they use it.
Well, didn't Dr. Gallo do that?
I mean, he actually isolated it.
I mean, why should I do all of this?
This is all textbook stuff you're asking me.
Oh.
Did you really want audio to that I didn't think you really wanted audio to that This This scam, did you see all the people in that video?
Watch the list of people Tim Poole's handler Super clown making fun of AOC and also on Australian news all the time as an American thought leader Robert Malone
Jill Glasspool Malone.
And they're selling you t-shirts.
Dom Lucra, he's real big on X.
Nurse Erin, oh my gosh.
Come on, ladies and gentlemen, we need to wake up fast.
I recently visited Hiroshima in Japan and stood at the epicenter of a city that remains scarred by the unimaginable horror caused by a single nuclear bomb dropped in 1945, 80 years ago.
It's hard for me to find the words to express what I saw, the stories that I heard, the haunting sadness that still remains.
This is an experience that will stay with me forever.
This attack obliterated the city, killed over 300,000 people, many dying instantly while others died from severe burns, injuries, radiation sickness, and cancer that set in in the following months and years.
Nagasaki suffered the same fate.
Homes, schools, families, all gone in a flash.
The survivors... Just an interesting anecdote.
In January of 2023,
The following people were on stage together in Stockholm, Sweden.
Sasha Latipova, the mother of Soph, Meryl Nass, super anthrax bio-expert, Robert Malone, multi-outbreak expert, bioethicist extraordinaire, and actually, you know, basically a disambiguation wizard.
Aseem Malhotra, the guy who pushed mRNA until his dad died, and then that apparently woke him up to the truth of things.
And finally, an interesting fellow by the name of Mike Palmer, who has an interesting book.
Michael Palmer is a biochemist from Canada with German background.
And he is the default leader of the Doctors for COVID Ethics, which actually split into two at some point.
during the pandemic and became the Medical Doctors for COVID Ethics International with Stephen Frost, and then this group, Doctors for COVID Ethics, where I think Thomas Binder and Sukrit Bhakti hung out.
But as soon as the two groups split, I basically didn't go with either of them.
I got very frustrated with the idea and how it split.
But one of the main reasons why it split was because Mike Palmer,
Michael Palmer has a book on the internet about Hiroshima not being real, and that it was actually a large amount of TNT with some radioactive material, i.e.
a dirty bomb, and some mustard gas to create the chemical burns, and they lied to you about it being a nuclear weapon.
So essentially the the Manhattan Project is fake yada yada.
And so then this dude by the name of Hodgkinson an old guy with glasses who's been on a lot of podcasts and he's kind of ornery and he taught you've seen him, but I've never I The guy drives me bananas, but he and Mike Palmer had an argument Because
Hodgkinson said that Mike Palmer shouldn't be able to be the leader because we can't trust him because he has this stupid book on the internet archive that says there are no nukes and so that disqualifies him as an intellectual.
Obviously he's an idiot.
And so they basically made people choose about whether it was okay for Mike Palmer to have that book, it didn't matter because this is a pandemic now, or whether we should get out of here because Mike Palmer is a hardcore German guy who sticks to parliamentary procedure too much and needs to get off his high horse.
That actually happened.
I actually was there when it happened.
And so it's curious, right?
That, that now we're, remember, I'm just, you know, it's a random connection, but the dude, the one dude that was kind of sort of supposed to be responsible for the splitting of the group of the doctors for COVID ethics into two groups in 2021, I think, but I'd have to go look at my notebook again.
And he has a book and that was the reason why the split happened and then that guy found himself on stage with Robert Malone a couple years later with Sasha Latipova and Meryl Nass and Haseem Malhotra who's now the scientific advisor for the Maha whatever.
I mean, he can't make this up.
He just got to realize that the patterns on the board are actually pretty relevant.
And there's been so much effort to try and throw other patterns on the wall and other irrelevant connections on the wall when the obvious ones, they're just incriminating.
Anyway, back to the show.
The Hibakusha, they carried the pain of extreme burns, radiation sickness, and loss for decades.
Survivors of this attack were asked to put in paintings and drawings their own memories and how they felt and what they saw.
And those paintings and the suffering that they conveyed, the pain and the sense of loss were almost more powerful than the photos themselves.
Yet this one bomb that caused so much destruction on Hiroshima was tiny compared to today's nuclear bombs.
The bomb that was dropped on Hiroshima had a yield of just 15 kilotons of TNT, whereas today's nuclear warheads range in size from 100 kilotons to over one megaton.
A single nuclear weapon today could kill millions in just minutes.
Just one of these nuclear bombs would vaporize everything at its core.
People, buildings, life itself.
The shockwave would crush structures miles away, killing and maiming countless people.
And then comes the fallout.
Radioactive poison spreading through the air, water and soil, condemning survivors to agonizing deaths or lifelong suffering.
A nuclear winter could follow, with smoke and ash completely blocking the sun, plunging the world into darkness and cold, killing crops and starving billions.
Acid rain would scar the Earth, wiping out entire ecosystems.
This isn't some made-up science fiction story.
This is the reality of what's at stake, what we are facing now.
Because as we stand here today, closer to the brink of nuclear annihilation than ever before, political elite and warmongers are carelessly fomenting fear and tensions between nuclear powers.
Perhaps it's because they are confident that they will have access to nuclear shelters for themselves and for their families that regular people won't have access to.
So it's up to us, the people, to speak up and demand an end to this madness.
We must reject this path to nuclear war and work toward a world where no one has to live in fear of a nuclear holocaust.
Save the buildings, use neutron bombs.
I don't think it's all funny, ladies and gentlemen.
I don't think it's all funny at all.
But sometimes, gosh, it's hard to hold on to it all the time.
It's hard to hold on to it all the time.
I don't care how you get there.
I don't care what you do to get there.
The goal is to win.
What time is it?
Game time!
Woo!
I had my volume down.
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen.
Welcome to the show.
This is Giga Home Biological, high resistance, low noise information brief brought to you by a biologist.
I'm not really sure what to say, ladies and gentlemen.
I don't want to suddenly become a physicist.
I don't want to suddenly take sides on the nuke issue.
I think nuclear war and nuclear weapons don't make a lot of sense from many different perspectives but I do think it makes a lot of sense for everybody to believe that there are bombs that are a hundred times the size of whatever was dropped in Hiroshima.
I don't know what 50 kilotons of TNT looks like when it goes off and I definitely don't know how to tell the difference.
I don't know if there are other ways to make strontium-90
appear in people's teeth.
All I know is that right now they can tell us whatever they want to tell us because everybody's using social media to learn and that's a very big mistake.
Autism Spectrum Disorder is a, it's a myth.
It's used, it's a biological myth.
It's not to say
that those conditions don't exist, but to rope them all together as one autism spectrum disorder is a mythology, and that is helping them to sustain this illusion.
It's helping make sure that intramuscular ejection is never questioned as a methodology, virology is never questioned as a science, and public health is never questioned as either a reason or an answer.
and what you just experienced and we just experienced and my gosh.
Talk about heartbreaking.
What the class of 2025 experienced is this mythology in full force, and a bunch of adults who didn't understand the trap that they were in.
They didn't understand why the cheese was free.
They didn't understand why the iPads were free, and the Chromebooks were free, and the pandemic's funding was free, and all this stuff.
They didn't understand it.
And that's why they're still in the trap now, but it was really heartbreaking.
Yesterday, I had the privilege of going to a high school graduation ceremony at Bethel Park High School in the south region of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
Pittsburgh is a pretty big place.
The population is spread out much beyond Pittsburgh's borders and in the south part of the map is where I live.
Wow, I really ran out the music there.
Hold on.
The south part of Pittsburgh is where I live and a lot of hills out here.
And this is actually the school district and the high school where Matthew Crooks went to school.
Matthew Crooks is the boy that was found on the roof in Butler, Pennsylvania and blamed for the shooting of the ear of Donald Trump.
I don't even remember when that was.
I guess it was 2024.
Or maybe it was I don't know was it 23.
Can somebody tell me what that date was?
Anyway, if you're here for a while, you are here at the top of the wave.
I'm not saying you're not getting wet.
I'm not saying you're not going to drink.
I'm just saying that you're here at the top of the wave trying to stay above water.
And if you're not, you're here for the first time.
July 13th, when?
Last year?
You need to stay focused on the Violet 24.
Thank you very much.
Don't take their bait and love your neighbor.
I guess maybe then he graduated in 2022.
That might be the thing.
So he was a recent graduate of the high school.
And so, yes, this is Jonathan Cooley.
I'm coming to you live from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania right now.
And I'll just segue into that little explanation and then we'll go on to the work of the day.
I got to get done quick because my kids are home from school.
And that changes everything.
Don't forget I've got this YouTube channel called JC on a Bike where you can see the very first videos I made as a YouTuber.
Naively thinking I was about to boost my higher ability as a college, you know...
Professor Sort Guy by making a YouTube channel.
Boy, was that a... that was a big mistake.
Anyway, or at least it turned out not the way I planned.
I'm now streaming live on JC in the Woods.
You can find that at j.c.inthewoods.
All one thing, or with the spaces you should be able to find it on YouTube.
You know that I helped with that book.
You know that I'm friends with Jayanta.
And you know that this work is supported by you.
Otherwise, you probably wouldn't be here.
But if you are here for the first time, you can go to GigaOMBiological.com and find out what this is all about.
See an archive of old videos all the way back to 2021.
And you can download some of the stuff we're reading at the link stuff if you want to catch up.
That won't be very hard because I'm a little behind myself.
And if you really want to know how far behind you are, if you've never heard of Housatonic ITS and Mark Kulak out of Boston, Massachusetts, then I'm afraid you're very, very far behind.
And so check him out, follow him on all those platforms, so all those platforms think he's cool.
This is the Independent Bright Web.
What that basically means is I'm more or less a one-man show, provided you accept the fact that I have a
a family of five and they helped me out a lot with emotional and physical support.
They are a great reason why I'm here.
In fact, I think you could
You could say they're the only reason why I'm here, and I don't think that's crazy.
Don't forget that you are probably under the spell of a team of performers.
If you're still using social media actively, you have been fooled.
And the way that you were fooled with regard to the pandemic was that there was a giant biological signal
A big train was gonna come into the station, and you have been fooled into believing that you need to help stop it.
And you were fooled by, like, a hundred thousand people on internet.
Fake accounts, real accounts, and their bots, into thinking that you had to help slow the train, and then you had to help get it started again.
That's basically the pandemic, all in a nutshell.
And Robert Malone and Jessica Rose and Meryl Nass, these people were all part of that show.
And many of these people were actually put in place, many of these people were put in place years before the pandemic.
With the specific design of them being there to slow walk us through this mystery solving exercise where we think that the most likely result is that the pandemic is due to a lab leak, that we responded with a
a ham-fisted response that it resulted in even more death especially in America and then in the end we ended up transfecting people and it worked but it would have worked a hell of a lot better had it not been contaminated with DNA and that's
That's basically where we are.
I mean, we've gotten here with such a smooth, you know, all the way guided, unfortunately, by a guy like Kevin McKernan.
He's been there from the very beginning, crazily enough, podcasting with a guy who used to work for the World Bank.
Anyway, that was 2025.
This thing we watched yesterday.
It was really good.
I think it's worth watching again with you.
If you haven't seen it, check it out.
And then I've been kind of drawing attention to Mary Bowden, thinking that she might be an unwitting participant.
Kind of hopefully thinking that, but she's been on too many podcasts with too many long con kind of people.
This guy's been playing the same stunt man for a very long time.
And so on and so on.
And again, I've been focused on Mary Talley Bowden because I thought maybe she's a good guy.
And I've been waiting for somebody to do the research, somebody to, you know, really realize that even on my archived link on my YouTube, or am I sorry, on my website that I just showed you, there is an interview with Mary Talley Bowden and myself from July of 2022.
And if any of you had the wherewithal to find it, or if you saw it that I posted it yesterday on my peer tube, only like 40 people watch it.
So I guess not very many people saw it.
But that video, in my opinion, I think my money is on the fact that what we're going to hear is a script.
And I think I'm going to be able to teach off of it.
I think I'm going to be able to show you or reason why it is a script and not just what a doctor would say.
Now that's what I think is so cool about having these kinds of snapshots and then also kind of analyzing them live.
I put it up there.
I haven't seen all of it.
I've seen some bits of it and I've sampled like three separate time points long enough to understand that I'm pretty sure
I'm pretty sure there's a theme here.
So I'm going to share this with you together at the same time.
I'll take some notes.
We'll talk about it if we have to pause it.
But I think we should just get on with it.
This is me.
I'll just let it run.
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen.
Another special brief for you.
I do have the throat at that time already.
And so he'll have to tolerate the frog throat from me.
But I'm going to put myself super tiny down in the bottom because this was when I was in my bedroom still at my old address that people posted Zillow pictures of and stuff a few years ago.
And I still have the same exact microphone setup.
It's right there.
It's just that you can't see it anymore because I got better with photography.
I don't know what the point is of showing a big giant microphone unless you really need it there because that's how far away you have to be from the microphone.
You can also choose a microphone that doesn't need you so close and then you basically almost get the same results.
But you know, it looks cool if you have a big old sure $300 microphone in front of you or $800 microphone in front of you.
How I remember that, that Banksy thing, that's cool.
I'm gonna make myself a little bit tinier.
Let's see, I might have to fast forward this a little bit.
Hopefully this will be a very sharp stream.
I hope I don't make a fool of myself.
Wow, see how humble I was in 2022?
I was just trying to catch up with these people.
Could be worse, I guess.
Oh, I gotta be a little soft.
I gotta put myself a little smaller.
Because we have a guest.
Yes.
A guest.
We have a guest tonight to this afternoon.
That's why I'm on early, Harold Zoid.
Thank you for noticing.
We have a guest tonight, or this afternoon, Dr. Mary Talley Bowden.
And I hope to have her on in a few minutes.
Oh, I got to get that slide out.
Wow, that's funny.
At which case, I don't remember how I made that.
That's funny.
I must have found a web tool or something that did that.
It looks pretty low resolution.
I probably just pirated something off the internet.
Funny.
Sure.
Why not?
That one.
I might just click forward.
I don't want to waste too much time with this starting part here.
OK.
Don't.
Oh, yeah.
First.
Sorry.
of a
So what we're listening for is a doctor who doesn't know everything, but apparently went against the grain and started treating people, lost her job.
And then what I'm going to be listening for and what I want to coach you to listen for are the details of her biological model of what's actually happening.
and where the details are missing and where there's kind of a, yeah, the X, Y, and Z. If you hear a lot of this X, Y, and Z stuff that wouldn't really make sense from a pre-pandemic perspective, I'm gonna stop it and we'll work it out a little bit.
Joining me, I'm actually talking to you over there, but then I'm streaming you over there.
So that's why it looks a little funny.
Oh, no, I'm extremely excited to talk to you.
So I tried to preface it a little bit.
We haven't met until right now.
But because everybody's got so little time, I think it's just important to get it out there.
I have a stream that I've been doing for about two years where we talk about immunology and we've talked about the coronavirus for two years straight.
We do journal clubs and everything else.
And so we're very much on.
the page of real biology and immunology and that it's not as simple as antibodies.
And so you're the first MD that we've ever had on that can come on and tell us about how this actually unfolded.
So I don't know if that's too much to ask, but
For me, I would love to hear the story of how you went from getting the bulletin that there is some unknown pathogen that's coming our way to realizing that something was horribly wrong.
And then now you're here in some people's book a hero and other people's book a pariah.
And so I just want to give you the floor and let you go to town and then maybe ask some questions, but I don't need to say anything.
Well, thank you.
So, I'm a nursing and sleep medicine physician.
I work in Houston, Texas.
I did my residency at Stanford.
So I already see her looking down.
Now that could be nothing.
It just depends on how you would put your notes.
But if you don't want to be seen,
Then you need to put the notes in places where they are visible, but they don't need to be moved.
And they don't need to be turned or turned up.
Maybe turning over is okay.
So watch for that kind of stuff.
I'm just telling you that because... Which one am I using?
I guess I'm using that one.
I'm just telling you that because, you know, with this camera I could... I can show you... How should I best do that so I can set it back up?
Well, I can... I mean...
this camera could, I could take that off, I guess.
I don't, I don't, it's, it's just that I don't, I don't ever have, I don't ever have any notes.
Um, the notes for me, the, the, or maybe the slides, the slides don't even have notes.
So what I see is what you see.
Um, the rest is just because I've done a lot of work, um, probably worked as hard, um, in the last five years.
as I've ever worked in my life, mostly because it was a labor of desperation.
I mean, I've read more pages of stuff in the last five years than I probably read in my entire professional career before that, simply because in reading of
of academic biology, so much of what you read meets your expectations and so you can read it very fast and process it very quickly.
And reading during the pandemic was a very slow and deliberate process.
and a double checking and keeping things straight and also trying to dismiss a bunch of things that more and more have become clear to me are kind of irrelevant concepts that are designed to complicate things that don't need to be complicated because that complication implies understanding that isn't there.
You know, if, if, uh,
If you know all the names of all the cars on the road, you can imply a bunch of mastery.
Oh, that's a Cadillac DeVille.
Oh, that's a this, that, and the other.
And somebody might assume that your knowledge of cars and their mechanics and whatever is just complete at the mastery level, whereas you could be a fool
when it comes to the actual maintenance of an automobile and your advice on when to change the oil or what tire pressure to run at would be absurd to follow.
But you could create quite a ruse with the detailed knowledge of the year and model and number of colors that came in in that year.
you could really impress somebody.
And then when you said, yeah, but you shouldn't change the oil in that car, except for every 10,000 miles.
And then you shouldn't use synthetic.
They might say, wow, he knows everything.
And I think there's a lot of academic biology that ends up to be that way.
A lot of academic biology ends up to be that there's almost an incentive to create the illusion that you're working on something that is separate and different from everything else.
And then it's almost in your best interest to find as many things that set your work apart from everybody else's as possible.
And as a consequence, we've created a lot of dead ends that are just imaginary.
What did I come over for this slide for?
I was gonna use that camera, but I guess I decided not to.
Okay, back to Mary.
I moved to Houston after residency and I worked at a little small private ENT practice.
I ended up having four boys in five years, so I took a big chunk of time off because I had to attend to them.
And then six months before the pandemic hit, I had opened up a new practice that it was different in that it's called direct specialty care.
I'm not contracted with any insurance companies.
I'm not contracted with the government.
I'm not, no relationship with pharmaceutical companies.
I'm just working for my patients.
So I start this, you know, I see a lot of respiratory tract infections as an ENT doctor, and I had patients asking me how to get tested.
And one of the tools I was- So she's not looking everywhere.
See, she only looks down here where I'm sitting now.
And if, and that's the most important thing.
If she keeps looking down here through the whole hour, that would be fine.
But if she looks down here,
tell a certain time point when she starts to look over to the other side or look up or something like that, then it might be a little strange.
I was using for patients with chronic sinusitis was a PCR test for bacterial infections in the sinuses.
And the company that was doing these PCR tests,
pivoted and started a saliva test for COVID.
And my practice is located in a strip center on purpose because I wanted to make it easy in and out, no parking garages to deal with.
Now PCR testing for bacteria could in theory be a much more high resolution thing for which PCR could be used.
And depending on how it's deployed, it could have been a much higher resolution kind of test.
She didn't tell us the details of the test, but she did tell us that the company that started COVID testing was also
previously doing PCR testing in bacteria.
That's an interesting story because I don't know how many companies in Texas would have been doing testing of bacteria by PCR at the start of the pandemic.
We might need to go back a little bit.
So when the saliva test came by, it was actually, I had opened up a new practice that it was different in that it's called direct specialty care.
I'm not contracted with any insurance companies.
I'm not contracted with the government.
So did she, she knew already right away to open up her own practice.
I thought she lost her job at a hospital or something like that, but maybe this isn't the same lady.
So I didn't hear anything, but did you hear anything about losing her job?
I darn it.
Did I blow something there?
Hold on.
Let me see.
Okay.
Let's just run it.
Sorry.
I'll just keep taking notes.
I'm not, no relationship with pharmaceutical companies.
I'm just working for my patients.
So I start this, you know, I see a lot of respiratory tract infections as an ENT doctor, and I had patients asking me how to get tested.
And one of the tools I was using for patients with chronic sinusitis was a PCR test for bacterial infections in the sinuses.
And the company that was doing these PCR tests
pivoted and started a saliva test for COVID.
And my practice is located in a strip center on purpose because I wanted to make it easy in and out, no parking garages to deal with.
So when the saliva test came by, it was actually ideal because patients could just go to their car, spit in a cup, leave it outside our door, and it was contact free.
Well, I was one of the only people in our area that was able to provide 24 to 48 hour turnaround time for COVID tests early on when it was just a. So that's interesting because Ryan Cole is also very, very lucky.
to be one of these guys who was early in adapting and getting it, you know, being able to have the infrastructure to do it.
She's, you know, lucky enough.
She had it in a mall and ready to go.
I'm not really sure.
I'm not going to develop an opinion yet, but this already easy in and out.
It's not like she's not advertising for herself, right?
It's almost like, you know, I don't work for anybody.
I work for my patients.
As an ENT doctor, she was treating chronic sinus infections using bacterial PCR tests, which might be a very legitimate way to figure out which
which antibiotic would be appropriate and maybe whether there's one kind of bacteria or another kind of bacteria.
And it's very plausible that that kind of thing would work because bacterial infections, if they're relatively homogenous, will have a pretty, I think, a pretty homogenous genetic background signal that could be tapped for that.
I don't think that's implausible.
show from, you know, LabCorp got completely overwhelmed.
And then they ran out of the swabs, they ran out of supplies.
So I was one of the few places where... So she's one of the few people who's able to testify to exactly how this didn't work, and that didn't work, and they ran out of this.
And so it's not that she's talking about the respiratory disease yet.
She's not talking about why she thought it was a new disease yet.
She's just talking about the logistics of the failure, why she was an exception to the rule.
Okay, just keep in mind, that's what's happening here.
You could get a COVID results back in 24 to 48 hours.
So my practice just exploded into this COVID testing center just,
overnight.
And then, you know, then I had all these patients coming to me saying my primary care doctor won't see me.
You know, they test positive for COVID and I'm like, well, go see your primary care doctor.
They're like, well, my primary care doctor has closed their clinic and refusing to see me.
Or my primary care doctor says, well, just stay home and there's nothing you can do.
Well, that didn't really sit well with me, and I started doing breathing treatments, and I put patients in their cars and used portable nebulizers and had them do breathing treatments in their cars.
And then I just started researching more and more about what could be done with these patients, and I'm only an outpatient doctor, so my goal was to keep people out of the hospital.
So I started learning about Ivermectin, hydroxychloroquine.
When monoclonal antibodies were available, I provided those.
And now my practice has evolved into the next best thing to the hospital.
She provided monoclonal antibodies, and that means she's an outpatient place.
I guess you can give IV at an outpatient place, though.
I guess that's true.
Because patients are so scared to go to the hospital.
So I have people walking into my clinic with oxygen saturations in the low 80s.
It's interesting, though.
I mean, it's an interesting thing to drop.
It's almost like checking a box because, you know, you'd want to be specific.
For a while, we were able to get Regeneron and then we tried, you know, because there is a little more than just when antibodies were available.
I got to listen to that again because antibodies, are we talking about monoclonal antibodies?
Are we talking about the serum of people who have recovered?
I don't know which.
because I have been able to help them and keep them out.
My practice just exploded into this COVID testing center just overnight.
And then, you know, then I had all these patients coming to me saying my primary care doctor won't see me.
You know, they test positive for COVID and I'm like, well, go see your primary care doctor.
Like, well, my primary care doctor has closed their clinic and refusing to see me.
Or my primary care doctor says, well, just stay home and there's nothing you can do.
Well, that didn't really sit well for me with me and I started doing breathing treatments and I put patients in their cars and use portable nebulizers and have them do breathing treatments in their cars.
And then I just started researching more and more about what could be done with these patients.
And I'm only an outpatient doctor.
So my goal was to keep people out of the hospital.
So I started learning about ivermectin, hydroxychloroquine.
When monoclonal antibodies were available, I provided those.
And now my practice has evolved into the next best thing to the hospital because patients are so scared to go to the hospital.
So I have people walking into my clinic with oxygen saturations in the low 80s.
But it's very cool because I have been able to help them and keep them out of the hospital.
Whereas prior to the pandemic, if somebody came into my office without oxygen level, I would have called in the ambulance.
One thing that is interesting that we've learned from this pandemic is the concept of permissive hypoxemia, where you can let somebody, basically you let their oxygen level go at a lower level than you thought possible.
Like earlier, you know, if somebody came to the ER with an oxygen saturation of 82%, they would have been intubated.
Now I'm able to treat it.
I basically give them high-dose steroids.
I give them IV antibiotics.
I give them high-dose vitamin C. I give them IV pepsin.
I give them glutathione, B12, B-complex.
I give them a brief... I mean, this is impossible.
The uniformity of this script right here is impossible.
Um, because it's actually titrating.
This is July of 2022.
So she's trying to imply a progression of understanding that at the beginning of the pandemic, we didn't get it at the beginning of the pandemic.
We were doing this, but now we understand that it can be this way.
So I send them to their car with a nebulizer.
I, I get, Oh my gosh.
Oh my gosh.
Come on now.
Unless it's her true experience.
I mean, you can say that about each and every one of these people.
You can say that about Robert Malone.
What if it's his true experience?
You can say that about Meryl Nass.
Or Stephen Hadfield.
What we've got to do is start making decisions about things and having people come forward and talk to us again.
This is a very, very interesting set of words here.
Just put it that way.
It's a very interesting set of words.
It's not to me as spontaneous and convincing of spontaneity as I had hoped.
When you say that they would have been intubated, do you mean that as a general treatment or since COVID?
No, I think prior to, well, probably both.
I mean, we're supposed to remember one of the things we have to accept is that she just happened to open a independent clinic as an ENT doctor.
at the pandemic and just happened to stumble into a must have been very lucrative business of testing people for COVID and perpetuating the narrative that it could be tested for.
Now, she may be an unwitting participant and just have been recruited, given the opportunity to do it.
Hey, this is coming.
So if you wanna get ahead of it, this is the tip.
You know, like an insider trading tip when you don't even know why.
Buy Inovio, sell Inovio.
It could be, I mean, we could say that it's possible.
But I guess what I'm saying is if somebody came to the emergency room at oxygen saturation at 82%, I mean, they wouldn't have been immediately intubated, but let's just assume that you got them on oxygen and they couldn't get above 90, which they probably can't.
Why would you intubate them?
Why is intubating them better?
I don't understand that at all.
It's very, very interesting.
It's really like they're trying to edit out the possibility that first they would be given supplementary oxygen, because that's what Kyle Seidel said they did.
That's what Pierre Kory said they did.
Without doing some interventions, that would have been grounds for intubating most patients, right?
And now we realize, I mean, I'm sending these patients.
Why does she say, right?
I'm not a doctor.
Well, how the hell would I know?
As far as I understand, you're only supposed to intubate somebody when their chest has been crushed.
As long as they can, you know, show some improvement and they're not acutely short of breath, I'm able to send them home and then they come back the next day if needed and get more of the same.
But that's very, I think that's an interesting development from
COVID.
I mean, at least I've learned that.
I don't know if the people in the hospital learn that, but I think the other, the other interesting thing is, um, that we can treat viruses because prior to the pandemic, I mean, like most doctors, I didn't think there was anything you could do for COVID.
I mean, I just figured it's a virus.
There's nothing you can do.
What in the hell does that even mean?
Holy crap.
Before the pandemic, it's a virus.
What can you do?
Did doctors think that way?
Is that how the flow chart goes?
If virus yes, what can you do?
Is that what they teach in med school?
This is not possible.
That line is not possible.
I'm sorry, that's scripted as shit.
There's nobody, nobody says that.
Nobody says that.
No way, no way.
I'm able to send them home and then they come back the next day if needed and get more of the same.
But that's very, I think that's an interesting development from
I mean, at least I've learned that.
I don't know if the people in the hospital have learned that, but I think the other interesting thing is that we can treat viruses because prior to the pandemic, I mean, like most doctors, I didn't think there was anything you could do for COVID.
I mean, I just figured it's a virus.
There's nothing you can do.
We can't give them antibiotics.
And I- And that murdered people.
Don't you see that murdered people because you blamed a syndrome
on a virus and then ruled out antibiotics for all subsequent symptoms, no matter what was developed, including pneumonia.
We've talked about viral pneumonia for like three or four years now.
She needs to clear that up, right?
That there is no such thing as a viral pneumonia.
Will she do that or not?
I've just loved how now I've realized, yeah, you can manage somebody with a virus, um, which is a new development.
So,
And did you... It's a new development.
Yep.
So it's a new development.
Before the pandemic, most doctors just didn't think you could treat viruses, but now it's a new development.
Stop lying!
I don't know what to say, ladies and gentlemen, but that is a scripted line there.
That is not somebody trying to...
trying to oh my gosh I'm mad who as an independent doctor still feel the the the change that at least from the perspective of a parent I really feel like I felt the change where my family doctor went from being a guy who was telling me what he thought to being a guy
telling me what he was told that he should do or what the policy was.
With the last two years that I've been talking to my family physician, it's been very much him telling me what he's read rather than what he thinks.
And I find that change very difficult to accept.
And I can't imagine what it would be like being the professional on the other end of that change.
I think the hardest thing for me to swallow through all this is the primary care doctors shutting their doors to their patients.
That shocked me.
I mean, your job as a doctor is to treat patients.
Did that actually happen or is that something that we're supposed to believe is happening?
I would really like to hear the numbers on that because nobody I know of couldn't go to their doctor.
It might've happened from a week, you know, or a month.
I mean, I don't really know, but that sounds like, again, something that was queued up.
The thing that bothers me the most about this is that, I don't know, I'd like to know the numbers on that one.
All these physician offices closed their doors, and now, even there, there's still some doctors that won't see you if,
if you're not vaccinated or if you have symptoms of COVID, they won't see you.
And that is just completely shocking to me.
I haven't taken my kids to any kind of, I haven't been to see a doctor or taken my kids, so I haven't had the first-hand patient experience that you're talking about.
I certainly hear it from all of my patients, and I hear them say how they feel pressured to get the vaccine, they feel judged if they bring up... Yeah, I mean, I will temper my comments, because again, it is very possible for somebody to think they're doing
really well and that they understand molecular biology enough to understand viruses versus bacteria and antibiotics versus antivirals and you know anesthetics versus analgesics and so they this is all you know just trying to keep up and again if if you've just
fallen face first into the butter because you were allowed to test a bunch of people and call it a business, and it's still going strong, are you really gonna say, hey, this is all for nothing.
They tricked me into doing this.
I shouldn't be doing this.
This is nuts.
I mean, I don't know how very many people are supposed to see through it, especially if there was any, any, any focus at all on her like there was on me.
If Robert Malone came to visit her, or she was invited, or you know, whoever came over and hung out.
I don't know where she was up until 2022, but it would have been plenty of time for her to have, you know, gone somewhere with all of these people and sat down at a table and said, here's what's going on.
And here's what we need from you.
And it's an opportunity.
And also if you, if you manage to pull it off, then we can also support you on the internet and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Great.
Sounds good.
Sign me up.
I don't know.
It's unfortunate, but I just think that line about, you know, before the pandemic, most doctors didn't think you could treat, but I don't even know what that, that, that's impossible.
That's not a thought.
That's a script.
they, you know, they just feel like they're talking to a, you know, a planned answer that has no critical thinking to it.
There's no discussion.
It's just a one size fits all.
It doesn't matter.
You know, the natural immunity doesn't matter.
I mean, it's, it's,
It's pretty awful.
I think one of the things that first cued me off that things were wrong was when I realized I thought natural immunity mattered.
I thought that Mary Holland could travel during the pandemic because she had natural immunity.
She had COVID for like two days, but took ivermectin and she was fine.
I thought natural immunity allowed Mary Holland to travel.
So it's weird.
There's a lot of contradictory signals.
They hadn't given one general recommendation about good health.
like changing your practices a little bit.
There's a pandemic coming, so maybe you want to think about seeing your doctor, checking your vitamin D level, whatever it might be.
There had to have been something they could have said, and they said nothing.
And of course, you're aware of the early treatment stuff, and you mentioned that you got on that pretty quick.
Do you think it was important that you were in Texas, where there might have been less
No, it didn't matter.
OK, so I am in Harris County, which is a huge county in Houston.
And it's very, very, very liberal.
So I feel like a fish out of water, especially in the medical community, because the medical center is the biggest employer in the county.
And the medical center brings in people from all over.
It's not just born and bred Texans.
So it's, you know, it's good.
It's diverse, but it's also super liberal.
Um, and particularly among doctors.
I see.
Yup.
I don't know if I like that.
One of the things that I've been telling my viewers a lot is a story that I heard firsthand from, um,
Wolfgang Wodach.
Do you know who that guy is?
He's from Germany.
He's a respiratory physiologist.
See, she doesn't know who Wolfgang Wodach is.
That's a good sign that there's something there, you know?
And I don't mean that she's a bad guy.
I mean that she was cued up, that she was given a couple hints, and the stock tips paid off.
The investment paid off and she just thinks that she's one of the lucky ones and now doing the right thing for her family.
And so I don't think there's a lot of spite here.
I certainly don't think there's a person who knows that behind the curtain people are going to be transfected and it's a terrible idea yet.
I don't think so.
Certainly doesn't seem like she's worried about it because she's calling it a vaccine and complaining about doctors not seeing people who don't want the vaccine.
So she doesn't seem to be worried about the vaccine at all yet.
He used to work for their public health service.
And in 2009, he was involved in this swine flu pandemic slash bad flu vaccine thing in Germany.
And when the pandemic first started, I was in an email exchange with him where he tried to convince me, and I know that I pretty much am sure he's right now, but I just wanted to see if you could confirm some of this, that as a respiratory physiologist every year,
people die of, let's say, unknown general pneumonia, unknown viral pneumonia, because they're old and they have comorbidities, and we've never labeled it like we label it now.
And from his perspective,
So at this time, I hadn't done the work necessary to understand how big of a signal was hidden in the population pyramid, but I already know that biologically speaking, there is a signal that could be misconstrued as something novel if they just pretended that their PCR tests were specific for it.
It might even come out right here.
Or even tried.
They never tried to really categorize these things as different viruses and find out whether it was one virus or another virus that was doing it.
And now... So if that's true, then why are you, why would you have in your head already that you can't treat it?
If you were never trying to differentiate viruses, then how do you know which one was viruses and which ones were treatable and which ones weren't?
What an interesting agreement that, I don't want to be a picky guy, but it's, that seems to disagree with what she said earlier, which is that all doctors just assume that, you know, you can't treat a virus before the pandemic.
But she says that before the pandemic, they weren't even paying attention to viruses.
They weren't trying to differentiate from anything.
Wolfgang Wodach says that, you know, respiratory disease is respiratory disease.
We never had a molecular test to tell what it was.
to suddenly say that we're going to categorize them and then say that they're only one, he thought was absurd.
And he doesn't have the evidence because, you know, he's not a molecular biologist, but from his perspective, they always used to teach their med students that there are around 200 coronaviruses.
So now she may be switching to the script on that side.
Just watch her eyes.
All cause basically the same kind of respiratory disease.
Well, I will say, I don't know that we had the technology and that's been another advancement since COVID.
Like I have a machine now in my office that can distinguish between 18 different viruses.
Oh, I have a machine in my office that can distinguish between 18 different viruses.
I don't know what, I don't know.
I mean,
Now, that would have been unheard of prior to the pandemic.
That would have been unheard of prior to the pandemic, but she assumes it's all above board.
Before the pandemic, we didn't have these things.
But now that we have these things, I'm sure I know what was around before the pandemic.
It's a background signal that they have no data on before the pandemic.
Then they rolled out a bunch of machines.
And even if they can measure it now, because you weren't measuring it then, you have no idea if what you're measuring right now is a set of novel signals with these new names or a set of old signals that have been given new names.
And now we have these products and the FDA is not going to regulate them.
She's talking about machines that can find 17 different viruses in there in a lot or all of the hospitals and testing facilities in America and around the world.
And this is all an elaborate illusion.
And it's good.
I mean, I can distinguish between COVID and the flu and all these, and RSV.
And I think prior to the pandemic, no one really cared because we didn't have the means of actually distinguishing very much.
So I think that's part of it.
Not to, I'm sure there's conspiracy behind it.
No, no, no.
I'm sure there's conspiracies behind it.
What does that mean?
Before the pandemic, we didn't measure any of those 17 viruses.
And then after the pandemic, you started measuring them.
Now that is equivalent to saying that before the pandemic, there were just cars, but after the pandemic, now we have dangerous cars and other dangerous cars and we can measure them all and they're spreading everywhere.
And they're the reason why, you know, we have to vaccinate people or they're the reason why we have to lock down.
I really only want to say that if there is an ongoing phenomenon which is responsible for X number of deaths every year that we didn't paint very specifically and now we're painting it very specifically, there is a possibility that we're making more of something that was already there.
That's all.
And I think that's one of the problems.
I mean, if I have a conversation with my family and I tell them that
between 2,800,000 and 3,000,000 people die every year in America, and then you divide that by 365 days, you start to figure out that when they say that 2,000 people died of COVID, it's not a giant number.
And so that's part of this too, is having some perspective on what's actually going on in a hospital every day.
And that's been very frustrating for me.
Is there a way,
or a tip or an idea that you have of how to get this tide to turn where we can start to take account of what really happened and not just keep running forward.
Because I think we do have to realize that some people were very wrong for a very long time, right?
I mean.
Right.
I mean, I do feel like a tide is shifting.
I don't know.
I mean, I think the more and more people that have vaccine reactions and come forward and are vocal about that, it can't be ignored.
I've noticed a few more politicians standing up, like Ted Cruz was at the truckers convoy, which that gave me some hope.
He's been pretty quiet on COVID.
Yeah, I'm still I think now now that I don't.
I'm not seeing as many sick people and I don't know about the rest of it, but in Houston it's dying down tremendously.
Now I have time to be more vocal.
Talk more on interviews.
I'm suing Methodist Hospital to get their financial information and that will that will stay in the news and.
We're gonna have a press conference soon.
Why is she suing for their financial information?
Wouldn't she have wanted to sue for her job or for the lost salary or some kind of professional thing?
To talk about the frivolous complaints that are being made against doctors like me.
So I think now that there aren't as many sick people, that doctors like myself are gonna have time to become more and more vocal.
really get the message out.
Did you have a plan or did you formulate a plan when you when you started to become successful treating patients?
I don't know if there is a plan or is there
I'm not getting this question out as the way I want to, but have you tried, I'm assuming you have, to collect data across these patients that you're treating so you can show what's happening and what improvements are occurring with your treatments and keeping track of this?
Okay.
Yes.
And that's another goal of mine in the coming month or two is to really look at that data and organize it and analyze it and get it out there.
I see.
And so what do you have?
Can you tell me like what kinds of data is data?
Do you take just all kinds of measurements when they come in and then all kinds of measurements when they're fine?
Or how do you do it?
It's, I mean, it, it evolved.
It's an evolving thing.
I get, I used to track.
Wouldn't you want to keep track of how ivermectin, what doses you're using, how many people are recovering, how long the recovery is.
Don't you see what the issue is here?
Don't you want to know what's happening?
Don't you want to, you just assuming all those things work.
So then what's the research you're going to do?
What data are you going to collect?
This is interesting.
I don't, I don't think she's, Oh, wow.
Yeah.
Percent positives every week.
Like, and, and then I used to try.
And so what do you have, can you tell me like what kinds of data is data?
Do you take just all kinds of measurements when they come in and then all kinds of measurements when they're fine?
Or how do you do it?
It's, I mean, it, it evolved.
It's an evolving thing.
Like it, I used to track, you know, percent positives every week, like, and, and then I used to track, okay, how many are, how many of the vaccinated are positive and how many of the unvaccinated are positive.
Now I'm looking at.
Oh, so it's about vaccinated, positive vaccinated, not positive and whether or not they're more likely to get COVID, which was a narrative that we argued about for another year.
And she keeps looking down to the same side of herself on the desk.
long-haul patients and vaccine reactions and what interventions I'm giving them and what the results are.
I just sent out a survey about early treatment like
trying to get information on who got early treatment, how successful it was, how many people ended up getting hospitalized.
I mean, there's, and then I did an antibody study where I, everybody got, who had a natural immunity, who'd had prior COVID infection, but not vaccinated and no monoclonal antibodies.
I got their antibody level.
This is right after Delta.
And then I looked to see if they got the Omicron variant and then what their antibody levels were after that.
There you go.
That was that was pretty uncomfortable.
She had to push that one out boy.
Wow, that was impressive You have any data from that last one did they get a boost again after their Omicron infection or did it not really?
I'm still gathering that last data point, so it's hard to speculate at this point.
The Omicron variant exists, and I'm checking whether people develop a seroprevalence to Omicron.
Come on.
Now, don't get me wrong.
It's possible that Mary Talley Bowden is simply not biologically and scientifically sophisticated enough to know that if Robert Malone gave her these ideas, or Kevin McKernan gave her these research plans, and maybe a research assistant to help her, that this would feel very legitimate to her.
Especially if they said you're working on behalf of whatever U.S.
government, such and such, Human Genome Project military thing.
It's not like she wouldn't fit the
the profile of a military lady.
It's not like a giant, multi-decade national security, you know, thing wouldn't, I mean, just don't, just leave your mind open to the possibility that she got on Joe Rogan, not because she's a freedom fighter, that they have the wool pulled over her eyes, and there's a possibility that we might wake her up, and then she'll call Joe Rogan and say, oh my goodness, Jay's got a, you gotta talk to Jay.
that's not gonna happen.
I don't think that's gonna happen because this, no.
So many papers out during the pandemic that have shown that, you know, the health care worker data is always the best for me because I feel like, you know, you guys are the people who are gonna get regular low-level exposure and so you're most likely to build a, whatever they want to call it, but
you're you're most likely to be as asymptomatic as anyone can be while still building immunity that's how i see it and maybe listen to me juggle those those ideas that you know this invisible thing could produce that invisible thing and the presence of that invisible thing could mean that it was invisible for a long time when you didn't know it holy man the other healthy person but you guys are
You know, like a school teacher, you have your immune system constantly on fire.
So I feel like you guys would be the best ones.
And all that data from healthcare workers is always showing that you guys are responding even when you don't show symptoms or whatever.
Fully lost still.
July 2022, still fully lost in the basic model of contagion and viruses and everything.
You can hear it, right?
I mean, this is when I just barely, you know, just barely am starting working for Bobby Kennedy on the book.
At one point I was being paid, but I wasn't really being invited to any of these meetings right away.
It was just kind of supporting me.
For me now, I'm happy that Pennsylvania has their masks gone now, but there are still places that are doing it.
So we're just trying to find people and network people.
I think I actually started already in May though, so this would be July.
So I'm definitely already working on the book with him.
I was hoping that Matt could help you.
I don't know, did he say he would or is he too busy?
Well, he's, he's heavily into the, um, Renz.
And so I'm trying to hook her up with Matt Crawford and Matt Crawford is working on Thomas Renz right now, or with Thomas Renz right now.
That's actually what this video is.
It's amazing.
I felt like I can't really take away from that.
Um, and I actually have a friend who is a statistician.
He's going to help me.
Well, there you go.
Great.
I'm, uh, I'm very curious, um, to know if, if, if, if long COVID, do you, do you have any idea if long COVID will eventually, do you have a feeling that it will be linked to other similar, uh, fatigue disorders and this kind of thing, or, or will it, will there be any connection to hospitalization or not, or ventilation or not?
Or, I mean, it's,
or do you really think it is just a thing that happens to some people?
I don't.
So there's, from what I understand is that you don't have to have severe symptoms to end up with long COVID and that's consistent with what I'm seeing.
Okay.
It does tend to respond very well to ivermectin.
Um,
Yeah, not in everybody, but I do get a good response.
I just don't understand how you can jive that, not with everybody.
Then what's the mechanism that describes that?
Because if this is viral replication and ivermectin interferes with viral replication, then why is it that sometimes it doesn't?
I don't understand.
And I want to understand because they say it with such certainty with no mechanistic explanation at all.
I don't get it.
Do doctors always accept these things like that?
If it doesn't work for everybody, then what does it mean to you as a doctor?
Does it mean that some people didn't have COVID?
I mean, can't we at least get that far in our thinking that we're processing reality as it happens, that we assess the words that are coming out of our mouth and try to explain why that massive battleship size contradiction that I just spit out of my mouth that makes me sound like I know nothing about what I'm doing and I have no idea of what I'm doing.
Let me explain that further.
Holy shit.
I can only poop again.
I guess my big question is, is this gonna be something that lays dormant and then just flares up here and there, like, you know, like upstream?
That hippie dickie, I'm sorry, but I was a biophysicist for a while.
I worked on ion channels for a while.
You can't just say it's calcium or it's chloride or it's sodium channels, because if you say that, then it's almost inevitably a toxin.
You can't interfere with a whole family of ion channels and not be toxic.
It's not possible.
And any of these people who say otherwise just simply don't understand how cellular physiology, as we understand it right now, works.
But ion channels are integral to that.
And certainly chloride channels are.
And you'd have to be very specific about what kind of chloride channel it was and whether it was a G protein coupled channel or not.
whether it was a calcium-dependent channel or not, whether it was fast or slow decay channel, where are they, what cells are they expressed in, and which ones would matter and which ones don't, and are there any chloride channels in the brain that are affected, because that would be very different.
You see, this is the problem with the social media, because they can put these little ideas out there that combine words together that sound really intelligent, when in fact they're ridiculous.
To say that ivermectin interacts with chloride channels, therefore it cures cancer, therefore it cures COVID is so absurd.
It's just, it's ridiculous.
And I'm not trying to be condescending.
I'm trying to be a good coach.
And that is ignoring the fundamentals.
That is ignoring the fundamentals of what we know and what we don't know and the ridiculously, almost irreducibly complex thing that we are.
And when you say chloride channels, that's like saying athletes.
And I understand athletes.
And it's like, but chloride channels are a very diverse set of channels with a whole bunch of different regulatory mechanisms built in.
There's fast ones and slow ones and large conductance and small conductance and
this tissue and that tissue.
And so we've got to learn and we've got to focus on that because allowing people to get away with saying that ivermectin works for some people means that you don't really know anything.
And that's a damning statement right there.
Either she's easily bamboozled and is really just following a script that someone gave her and sticking to it because so far it's paid off big time.
Or she's just, she's fooled.
She's fooled like everybody else was.
And she's lucky enough to got on Joe Rogan just because.
Or is it once it's gone, it's COVID and that's.
Or I mean, it's, do you really think it is just a thing that happens to some people?
I don't, so there's, from what I understand is that you don't have to have severe symptoms to end up with long COVID and that's consistent with what I'm seeing.
Okay.
It does tend to respond very well to ivermectin.
Yeah, not in everybody, but I do get a good response.
I mean, just think about that elementary high school level biology student thinking about this and how easy it would be for any one of those high school students that I saw graduate yesterday to think a little while and say, hey, wait a minute.
What did we use ivermectin for before?
Wasn't it for parasites or something like that?
What would be the effect of sick people coming into your office, some of them with parasites, and then you gave them ivermectin and they felt a little better?
and you thought you were treating COVID and they all had COVID but some of the people with COVID also has parasites and now you treated their parasites and they feel better but you didn't know and they didn't know that ivermectin worked on parasites you know like heartworm and dogs and cancer in Canada and so this is serious because that level of
shallow thought suggests that she's on a script.
Because nobody who was thinking about what they were saying would say that it doesn't work for everyone, works for some people, and then think that that's understanding.
Um, and I guess my big question is, is this going to be something that lays dormant and then just flares up here and there, like, you know, like Epstein bar, um, or is it once it's gone, it's gone.
But my, my hunch is it's going to lay dormant and then flare up here and there.
I see, I see.
I saw a couple of recent results that show that... Just drop the F-15 bar in there so that there's another hamster wheel and another biology book I can read, right?
I mean, you know, just like Judy Mikovits might say, latent viruses that...
latent mouse viruses are, you know, being triggered by other viruses that are in the vaccines.
And so if we vaccinated for you, you for that virus, then they wouldn't activate the other viruses that cause autism and chronic fatigue disorder.
It might be infecting CD4 positive helper T cells, in which case maybe very similar to the way that, that HIV can stay dormant.
And it's possible that I,
Don't know enough to go that far into the disease portion of it, but dormant viruses to me are something that Still have very little understanding in the literature, too.
So it's very hard to know exactly what's going on there She won't say anything about that one any other specific things that I wanted to get that was a pretty good comment.
I
This has been already really good.
I knew that it would be quick just because, again, my goal here is to alert people to you and to sort of spread the word about you.
And at the same time, I want to build up a list of doctors who are doing this, and I think
Yeah, it's got to be very frustrating to be in it.
I mean, I've been complaining about it for more than two years, and I know a lot of other people have like yourself.
And it's difficult now to see the country divided as much as it is about something as biological as this that we shouldn't be fighting about.
Right.
Well, for me, what's scary and I was going to ask for advice was how would you advise that I
approach my own doctor.
So I'll give you the status of my current doctor is that he supported a medical exemption for my wife by saying that we wrote a letter with a great deal of scientific support and evidence, but he disagrees with our conclusions but still wants to support our choice.
So he specifically said in the exemption that he didn't support it, the actual conclusion.
And that was when my wife was working at UPMC Medical Center, yes, while I was doing this.
So she got a job in 2022 and was working to make this happen.
So yeah, everybody's sacrificing on this boat.
But he wanted to support our choice, which is pretty weak, but anyway.
Okay, I'm going to wrap this up.
You can watch the last bit of that on my PeerTube channel.
I uploaded it there.
I think this explanation fits very well.
I don't think anything we heard from Mary Bowden suggests that
She was anything but scripted and cued up and stick to these things and it'll be fine.
There were a couple hairy moments there, a couple things that didn't feel very good to me.
And I think I was pretty good at pointing that out, so I don't need to go over it again.
But it stands to reason and stands clear here that one of the primary things that she believes in and in fact was ahead of, like Ryan Cole was ahead of, was being available and having the facilities to test.
And that she's got a machine in her office that can test for 17 different viruses.
So I think she is a witting or unwitting ghostbuster at this point.
And she should be sophisticated enough to understand that actually RNA can't do that.
She should be able to come to the conclusion after more study that
The arrangement of the immune system and the arrangement of our barriers suggests that intramuscular injection is never a good idea.
Transfecting healthy people, therefore, is an even worse idea because it belies a level of understanding of the
irreducible complexity that we are, that we simply do not have.
We can't just express some proteins in places in the body and assume that what's going to happen is the body's going to make antibodies to those proteins and those antibodies will save us.
The population pyramid is a problem, it is a real thing, and it is one of the primary movers of the way that we are being governed on Earth right now.
The pandemic would have never been possible without these people, and Andy's picture should be bigger than that, I apologize.
The people that I'm pretty sure are all in on it or so lost in it, it's almost all of them, and they all will reinforce the bad biology until they
until they go to their grave evolution because DNA, PCR, are a universal diagnostic tool.
Sequencing is a high-fidelity measurement, especially when done by DITRA.
Endemicity is a process and also an end state that lasts forever.
And gain-of-function has many, many forms.
Many, many forms from cell culture and enrichment to using animals to enrich viruses.
And so intramuscular injection is the best kind of medicine.
It's the best invention.
Pandemics are real, and we can also make them in a garage.
You are human, not a person with only a limited amount of time to contribute to the well-being of future generations.
You're just a human, and you should turn over your data to your rulers.
And we all descend from the same puddle.
That's basically the joke.
It's been a long, strange trip, ladies and gentlemen.
I hope you have a very, very happy Friday.
I guess I should play us out.
I don't know.
I want to do a different song.
Don't forget, that's how they're getting away with it.
COVID shots are bad is great to say.
Just don't talk about the murder in 2020.
It's for all the marbles.
That's why there's a fake anti-vax movement in America.
Thank you very much for all your support.
If you would like to support this stream,
Please go to GigaOMBiological.com and find a way to do so.
I'm going to keep working, and I'm going to do whatever it takes to keep this on the air.
But boy would I like to make more videos, and boy would I like to make more channels, and boy would I like to make a high school curriculum.
So help me out there a little bit if you can, especially if you've never done it before.
There's so many people who've
have just made this, I mean, it's crazy.
There's, you know, it's really crazy how many people I have to thank and how blessed I feel to have those friends around the world supporting my family and supporting this very, very crucial work to preserve what I think is human history.
What I think is the last, potentially the last
open window that we can just pull our kids out and end this social media domination of our collective reality.
I love you all very much.
Good to see you.
And I think I will just play this one out actually.
Thank you.
Have a good weekend.
There could be a stream tomorrow night by the fire.
There is rumors that I'm having a guest, and that guest might be up for hanging out by a fire with a microphone and talking, and that might mean that we'll also call another friend and have a three-way conversation.
We'll see.
I apologize for the awkward ending, and I will see you again very, very soon.